Presets for new AOS Cine Frames (#494)
betaflight/firmware-presets: presets/4.5/filters/aos_rc/aos_cine20_filters.txt

#$ TITLE: AOS Cine20 Filters
#$ FIRMWARE_VERSION: 4.5
#$ CATEGORY: FILTERS
#$ STATUS: COMMUNITY
#$ KEYWORDS: filter, filters, aos, chris, rosser, cine20
#$ AUTHOR: Chris Rosser
#$ DESCRIPTION: Developed for the AOS Cine20 based on a build with 1303 6000KV motors and 550mAh 4S battery.

> #$ DESCRIPTION: NOTE this needs bidirectional Dshot support and RPM filtering active to use. DO NOT ATEMPT TO USE WITH OUT RPM FILTERING!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#$ DESCRIPTION: NOTE this needs bidirectional Dshot support and RPM filtering active to use. DO NOT ATTEMPT TO USE WITHOUT RPM FILTERING!
```
